Not have the service fine what's the fine.
We are ready to go to define the server which is the second step.
Let's open the server.
Define defined server is simple and you can think about server is similar to subscriber but of course
there is a difference because a subscriber does not send anything to the publisher.
However the server is expected to send a response back to the client.
So while the service is similar to the subscriber because as you remember the subscriber defines what
we call a callback function that is executed whenever a new message comes on the topic of interest.
Also the same thing when we did find a server.
We did find something similar to a callback function which is a hundred function that is going to process
the incoming message formulate response and since the response to the client.
So this is what we got observed with the fine primary function here which is called to its server which
will initialize the node.
So we're going to give the name to its server or the server node and then and this is now the key instruction
we're going to start the service listening to incoming requests.
So private service is going to create a server that will be listening to incoming requests.
And this is the name of the service which is similar to the name of the topics when we use subscriber.
But here we specify the name of the service we specify the type of the message to be exchanged.
And this is the type of two things that we have already created.
And as you can observe we need to import add ins add ins to request in response.
So remember that when we have combined and generated the service messages in the Divell folder include
we have hidden the data three times to even to request an ad in response.
So these are the three files that we need to import in order to be able to access the service and the
message is defined for this.
So this is at two ends and the like we defined the callback function in a subscriber we defined the
100 function for the server which is going to be executed any time there is a new request coming.
So this is like a new thread that is going to execute when a new request arrives from the server.
So the hand-done method is going to perform the service requested.
OK.
So it will perform the song and we will just make a pretty and finally it will be a response to the
response.
This is what we import.
It will formulate a response and the response contains only one argument and this argument is just the
sum of A and B.
So you can see that you have here the pattern of the rec.
It refers to the request and the request as you already know it has two values a and b.
Ok so request a plus request that B we represent some and then we sent back the response to the client
using this state.
So this little statement it is responsible for sending the response back to the client.
On the other hand let's open the client the byte.
So same thing we need to import the services that were created.
So our program here is simple.
Its going to read x and y from the arguments of some command line and then we print the x and y values.
And finally now what this is what is important is going to execute a method that is called to in SQLite.
So this method to its collect will be responsible for formulating the request and sending the request
to the server.
So the method to the client it first start by waiting for the service.
So it must make sure that the service is ready to receive requests because if the service does not exist
there is no need to send the request.
So first of all we have to make sure that the server is away and the server is defined by the name of
the service.
We are to the topic name this is the service.
So first of all we wait for the service to be available and then we will use the method spider service
proxy service proxy will be responsible for sending the requests to the service and specifying the type
of the service to its.
So its it contains the information of the request.
OK so this is now the name of the client object that we have created and from the type to that are really
defined A and B as part of the West.
This object is going to take as input x and y it and b that well defined in the.
OK.
And this method will be responsible for connecting to the service sending the request by sending the
values of x and y and then waiting for the response to come when the response comes.
So the response as we already know it has only one value that is the we are going to return the SOP.
So you can see this is not the sum that you receive from the response.
And thats pretty much it.
Now we can try to on the service and decline.
So in the first term we are going to run.
So let me just let us know we can on our server first restrung just essential client server that might
lead to go back to sort of the set of it is that on and then one other terminal I'm going to add another
term where we make restaurant or extensions.
The claim that by so many exit could life is going of course I have to specify x and y values.
So let me put to band aid.
I mean Santis value to the server.
And finally requesting two plus eight.
And then I receive a response to equity time.
Now if I go to the terminal of the server.
Okay.
So returning to class 8 Equant that's on the server.
How is it you see x and y values calculate 10 and then send it back to the class.
Now you know how could you find a client and the server for services in us.
Okay.
And just to summarize for the server it looks like a subscriber because when you find yourself that
he's going to listen to a certain set of his name and it will find the type of the service and also
a method similar to the function that will handle the request and then send back the response.
On the other hand the client is going to define a method that will make for the service to be available.
And then we'll use a proxy to create an object and the object will be used for somebody's quest to the
server and finally get the response.
This is the implementation of services in Python.
In the next video.
I'm going to show how to implement or services the C++.